Chabot College                                                            
Concurrent Enrollment – Summer 2016 Recommendation
 
Please read this message before attempting to register.
Dear MITCHELL,
Thank you for applying to the Concurrent Enrollment Program at Chabot College.
 
Your recommendation has been approved for: CSCI 7 AND CSCI 14.
 
Attached is a copy of your recommendation.  Please remember that approval of your high school’s recommendation does not automatically register you in your course(s).  You may register for classes online via CLASS-Web registration system starting May 20th, 2016 for Summer 2016.  Download and review the online registration procedures.  Registration is restricted to 6.0 units or 2 classes recommended by school official(s) and approved by Chabot College Office of Admissions and Records.  You may only register for courses listed on your approved recommendation.  Otherwise, you will be dropped.
 
NOTE: Priority registration for continuing College students began on April 19th and most of the classes may be filled (CLOSED SECTION) at the time of your registration.
 
IMPORTANT REMINDERS
 
Please refer to the class schedule for course start dates.  https://bw11.clpccd.cc.ca.us/pls/OWA_PROD/bzskflib.P_SelDefTerm
ACADEMIC CALENDAR: Please review our Academic Calendar for campus closures dates and deadlines to regular, full-term classes. Short-term courses have varying deadlines. http://www.chabotcollege.edu/admissions/AcademicCalendar/
Basic Skills/Physical Education courses: Concurrent Enrollment students are not allowed to register for basic skills courses such as ENGL 100 level courses; MATH 100 level courses, all ESL courses, and all Physical Education courses.
Books/Supplies: Students are responsible for purchasing required books and supplies for the college course(s). You may purchase your book after you have officially registered for the approved course. http://www.chabotbookstore.com
NO LATE ADDs: Deadline to add courses into CLOSED course is due on the 2nd class meeting.
Switching Courses: Courses not listed and approved on your recommendation form will be dropped. If you decide to register for another class that is not listed on your recommendation form, you need to submit a new recommendation form with counselor and principal signatures.
Student “W” ID: If provided at the time of application, you may you use your SSN as an alternate to your Student ID number. Otherwise, you need to come in-person to the Office of Admissions and Records to obtain this information.
CLOSED SECTION: If your classes are filled, you may also attempt to add your classes by attending the first day of instruction. If the instructor approves your request to add, you will be given an add authorization number which must be processed immediately via CLASS-Web. Since there is no wait list, you may check online periodically if a space becomes available before the start of the semester.
No Priority Registration numbers assigned to Concurrent Enrollment Students. Please remember that Concurrent Enrollment student are under special admissions and not assigned priority registration numbers. These numbers are only assigned to continuing College students.
Fees: All students are charged a $3 mailing fee to mail grades at the end of the semester to the student and high school. A mandatory health service fee $17 is assessed to students to support health services for enrolled students. The only exceptions to not paying the Student Health Fee are as follows:
Students who are taking classes held only on Saturday or at an off-campus site, including approved apprenticeship programs; OR
Students who rely on prayer for healing in accordance with teachings of a bona fide religious sect, denomination, or organization. To apply for a waiver, students must provide a statement of such reliance from an official of the sect, denomination or organization to the Office of Student Life.
Non-resident/Foreign Tuition:  International and out-of-state students will be assessed tuition of $243/unit and enrollment fees.
For up-to-date information and access to download forms, please visit our website at www.chabotcollege.edu/admissions/concurrent.
 
Check out CLASS-Web to register for classes, purchase parking permit, view grades, pay for your fees, and much more!!
 
Sincerely,   
 
Mario Orozco
Admissions Specialist
Chabot College
(510)723-6701
 